I liked you
But I thought you were being honest
I didn't expect you to get me
Tell this big lie tomorrow
Are you still human?
I really didn't lie to you.
I am the most dazzling legend in the world
The most powerful man
Good rate please Chang'an
Still obsessed
You are hopeless
We're done.
Look no further.
Lin Jiao
Please listen to my explanation.
I'm really handsome
Why don't you believe it?
Prepare a betrothal gift for me immediately
Send it to the Lin family in the name of Zhan Shuai
Hire the daughter of the Lin family
Then you will know
Am I really handsome?
Dad?
You know the company case, oops, I'm not free
Don't tell me to get out
dick
How did that happen?
Your family is close to you.
Collusion with that waiter
Beat up my daughter
Why don't you give me an explanation today?
Make you look good
Why did you beat Wan'er with that waiter?